Well Randy, it's time to take a look back.
>> Mm- hm.
At what we all, what you should've
learned [LAUGH] in this lesson.
>> And so Randy,
talked to you about software stack.
You know, kind of,
what kind of developer are you?
>> Mm hm.
>> Right?
You know, you could be developing on
the front end, on the back end.
Or are you a full stack?
[CROSSTALK]
>> Right.
>> Hey, that is full stack?
>> Yeah, full stack developer.
>> Are you a full stack developer?
I know that probably most of you at home,
you're probably all full stack developers.
At least throughout this course
unless you're working on a team,
maybe sharing responsibilities or duties.
>> But yeah, so that was kind
of interesting little, I guess.
>> Yeah, it's a good way to divide up,
say like you don't really wanna focus on
how the app looks but your friend does.
So, he can work with that while you can.
Say, implement all the GPIO functions.
>> Yeah, there you go.
And then, internet protocol, kinda talked
to you a little bit about that, and
how it relates to the datagram packets.
>> Yeah, and then,
we talked packet-switched networks,
which is like the new thing.
The new network that the VoIP users,
where it sends packets from A to B.
>> Randy, now so
>> How does this all relate to VoIP?
>> Oh, that's very simple, so,
let's just go ahead and start,
just go down the list and
start with software stack.
So, you're probably gonna make a VoIP
application of some sort, right?
>> Hope so.
>> Yeah.
So, as a front end developer you need
to make it somewhat nice looking.
Why would you want an app that
just has a single button?
>> That just, you don't know
what the button does, right?
That would be really weird.
And then, on the backend you got to make
sure all your VoIP functions working,
say your audio, your mic, you want
to be able to make sure there's some
kind of connection between the receiver
when you make a phone call because, and
you also want to make sure You're
saying your call to the right place.
What's the point of like.
>> Actually, yeah.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Pretty important.
>> Like, I'm gonna call you, but
I end up calling someone else?
That would be really weird.
And VoIP is also, sorry.
Internet protocol and
impact switch networks are a big
deal with VoIP because, that's what.
>> It's in the word.
>> Yeah, it's.
>> Or it's in the acronym, right?
>> That's what VoIP uses.
Instead of the traditional telephone, so
where they would use a telephone line or
an underwater fiber cable or something.
Instead, we're just gonna be.
Sending all this voice
data through the internet.
But the internet, to send data you
have to follow the internet protocol,
hence VoIP, right?
>> There you go.
And
that's just a little nice summary,
how all this just ties right into VoIP.
So, we'll see you in the next lesson,
where we go over some
supplemental materials.